# Guidance.

One of the challenge today for a developer, a team and a company is to build a product in a professional way. How to from a technical point of view, we will communicate in a secure way the different services, offer an Api, Add telemetry, etc...

As a manager how I can have a product that I can deploy in a k8s or not in an on premise or cloud infrastructure?  
How I will have a coherency in my team regarding the arcitecture to build this?  

This Guidance tool is currently used every day in a company having more than 150 applications/products close to 125 developers in an international company in Europe.

## The Arc4u Guidance is a Visual Studio extension allowing you to quickly build an application.

It helps you to build a micro-services application/product based on best practices and technologies to improve the productivity of the developer. 

The Guidance is also building this by using the Open Source [Arc4u framework](https://github.com/GFlisch/arc4u).  

It help you to build a micro-services architecture.
- Yarp as reverse proxy : play the role of a reverse proy but also
    : an API Gateway.
    : HealthChecks portal for the services.
    : OpenId Connect/OAuth2.

- Rest and gRPC services protected by OAuth2.0 and Openid. 
- Asynchronous architecture based with RabbitMQ and NServiceBus.
- Hangfire for job scheduling.
- Integration with [Dapr](https://dapr.io/).
    - Pub-Sub
    - State-store.
    - Binding
    - Resiliency.
    - Workflow
    - [Man DaprSidekick](https://github.com/man-group/dapr-sidekick-dotnet).

Frontend UI:
- Blazor Webassembly.
- Maui (in 2024).
- Wpf (Prism) and in the future with Avalonia.

Proxies are generated by NSwagStudio (CSharp).

The Guidance and the framework is supporting containerized targeting infrastructure (K8s, k3s, docker compose) or not (On premise Virtual machine running IIS for example).

The Guidance is available on the [Visual Studio marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Arc4u.Guidance2022-2).

